[Music]
these come in Dixie hi nice to meet you
nice to meet you a bit nervous I've
actually never never done anything like
this before
so you would you would like to know the
future yeah of course that's why I'm
here
that's why I've paid are you sure I'm
absolutely certain so this very serious
I will look into my crystal ball and
they will tell you your future all right
crystal ball please show me tell me show
me the future I can see you are a
comedian yes but no points for that I am
quite successful next year you will no
longer be comedian no you will be
substitute teacher and amateur
hairdresser really your uniform for
these jobs will be tracksuit bottoms you
will wear these tracksuit bottoms every
day for many months and on top half you
will wear t-shirt that you slept in
night before
it sounds very odd okay I see you
getting very excited about the trip next
year oh oh that is probably the Safari
that are booked we've actually been
reading food that we go with friends no
the trip that you are most excited about
next year seems to be a trip to the
garden center sorry am I not going on
holiday with friends dream on
I'm afraid your friends will no longer
come within 2 metres of you that's that
could be the case I'm having a huge
birthday party Lexi cancelled
you will sing happy birthday though to
yourself every day at least eight times
that's very sad and all your friends
they will be furloughed furloughed
furloughed you can't just make words up
I see you now you are in a shop you are
till you are very very nervous you are
wearing a mask on your face and gloves
on your hands
am i roping this you am I going to be a
Roper you will spend many months inside
you will only be allowed out for one
exercise per day I'm going to be in
prison for robbery that's what you're
telling me is this is this crystal ball
actually actually actually working whoa
whoa whoa whoa please okay step back do
not touch ball sorry please come on
please don't touch geez sorry do you
always carry hand sanitizer with you I
know what's coming
this is wool sorry quite odd and
far-fetched I can see now your family
roots Isis that's very impressive you
can see the ancestry of my of my family
no I can tell you that your mother your
sister and your wife has very very dark
roots in their hair well so if that
doesn't sound very believable my wife is
literally always in the hairdresser I
don't know her natural color I see your
wife you are together it is 10 o'clock
in the morning only just antenna in
you're both drinking Prosecco together
it is a Tuesday that sounds exciting
what are we celebrating you are
celebrating Tuesday although both of you
think it's Wednesday so I won't I will
be a comedian next year or a TV host not
really but I can tell you that you will
have many meetings these meetings will
always be in your kitchen you'll never
wear trousers and the meetings will
always begin with the words can you hear
me can you hear me I can see you I can't
hear you
you need to unmute it press bottom left
it's in the boat I'm texting you good I
can hear you now
now if that makes any sense whatsoever
how do you please sign currently your
emails question
all right signing in at the end of an
email our best wishes I suppose just
best wishes from next to you you will
sign all emails with stay safe
[Applause]
[Music]
you